README.md, before:

# Hobbies

Welcome to Hobbies, a Jekyll theme made for developers who want to say a little more than "Hello World!"

Hobbies is inspired by the minimal asthetic of [minima](https://github.com/jekyll/minima) and the colors of [hyper-snazzy](https://github.com/sindresorhus/hyper-snazzy). A warm "Thank You!" to these inspirations.

The theme should always be considered a **BETA** product, and large design and asthetic changes may always occur on the theme. As I continue to grow up, my sense of style and design changes, and so this theme will change along with it! Any design I deem as a final "product" will be put into its own repository.

## Requirements/Installation

Follow the instructions below in order to install *Hobbies* into your own Jekyll site!

### Requirements

You'll need an instance of Jekyll! Check out the [Jekyll documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/) to find out how to make your own Jekyll site. You'll also need the internet, but if you're viewing this here, there's a safe chance you have access to it 😄.

### Installation

Add this line to your Jekyll site's `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "Hobbies"
```

And add this line to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml`:

```yaml
theme: Hobbies
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install Hobbies

## Contributing

Suggestions and helpful criticism is always welcome through the use of pull requests!

## License

The theme is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Added Reference to Contribution Guide

README.md, after:

# Hobbies

Welcome to Hobbies, a Jekyll theme made for developers who want to say a little more than "Hello World!"

Hobbies is inspired by the minimal asthetic of [minima](https://github.com/jekyll/minima) and the colors of [hyper-snazzy](https://github.com/sindresorhus/hyper-snazzy). A warm "Thank You!" to these inspirations.

The theme should always be considered a **BETA** product, and large design and asthetic changes may always occur on the theme. As I continue to grow up, my sense of style and design changes, and so this theme will change along with it! Any design I deem as a final "product" will be put into its own repository.

## Requirements/Installation

Follow the instructions below in order to install *Hobbies* into your own Jekyll site!

### Requirements

You'll need an instance of Jekyll! Check out the [Jekyll documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/) to find out how to make your own Jekyll site. You'll also need the internet, but if you're viewing this here, there's a safe chance you have access to it 😄.

### Installation

Add this line to your Jekyll site's `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "Hobbies"
```

And add this line to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml`:

```yaml
theme: Hobbies
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install Hobbies

## Contributing

Suggestions and helpful criticism is always welcome through the use of pull requests! A guide on how to contribute can be found [here](https://github.com/HobbieJ/Hobbies/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

The theme is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
